Small PR (#8)
apace100/origins-docs: docs/bientity_conditions.md

---

> title: Conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Bi-entity Conditions
```

date: 2021-10-06
---
# Bi-Entity Conditions

> Bi-Entity Conditions operate in relation to two `LivingEntity`'s, an actor and a target. The actor and target are decided depending on the power type. Similar to entity conditions, these are available to be used in most powers in the `bientity_condition` field, which restricts when a power is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bi-entity Conditions operate on a `Pair<Entity, Entity>`, or in simpler terms: an actor and a target. The actor and target is determined depending on the used power type, and can be swapped. These are available to power types that provides a `bientity_condition` field, which restricts when a power is active.
```
